Refactor imports to be consistent with `edition = "2023_10"` (#473)
cairo-book/cairo-book: src/appendix-05-common-types-and-traits-and-cairo-prelude.md

allows you to use `ArrayTrait::append()` or the `Default` trait without bringing
them explicitly into scope.

> You can choose which prelude to use. For example, adding `edition = "2023_10"` in `scarb.toml` configuration file will provide you november 2023 version of the prelude.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can choose which prelude to use. For example, adding `edition = "2023_10"` in `Scarb.toml` configuration file will load the prelude from October 2023, which is more restricted than the one from January 2023.
```
